\documentclass{article}

\title{A vision-based approach to Quadcopter detection and trajectory interception}
\author{Patricio Lankenau}
\date{May 4, 2014}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
Our contribution is a vision-based approach to Quadcopter detection and trajectory interception.
We achieved visual recognition of the ball and quadcopter using a filtered Hough circle transform.
Furthermore, we achieved the trajectory prediction by implementeing a least-squares regression.
\end{abstract}

\section{Related Work}

\section{Vision-based approach to detecting a ball}

Our original idea was to use a kinect to be able to detect a ball in 3D space, which would give
us the ability to predict where the ball is within a room. However, we hit our first obstacle
when we tried to interface with the kinect. The current state of drivers and interfaces that
are open source and linux compatible is a mess. We experimented with NI, freenect, and openCV\@.
And although we got it working in all three, we decided to use openCV becuase of it requires less
dependencies and is easier to develop with.

It was also at this point that we decided that we were going to have to narrow the scope of our
research if we were to get anything done in such a short span of time. We decided to reduce the
search space from $\mathbb{R}^3$ to $\mathbb{R}^2$, essentially operating on a 2D crossection of
the 3D world. This simplifying assumption allows us to only worry about points in $\mathbb{R}^2$
which makes everything else easier. Unfortunately, this decicion came at a cost: we would no
longer be able to gather depth information on points (essentially using the kinect as a regular
camera). 

Once we were able to get a video feed from the camera, our next step was to detect the ball. Our
first thought was to use a Hough Circle Transform, but our naive implementation was unresaonably
slow. After consulting people well-versed in the field, they recommended that we detect the ball
using colored blob detection instead of HCT\@. We like the color idea, but were happy with HCT so
we decided to use color detection to filter out non-important colors in the image and then
performing HCT on the result.

Color

\section{Trajectory prediction using least-squares regression}

\section{Quadcopter control}

\section{Putting it all together}

\section{Further work}

\end{document}
